Change the world by being yourself. ; Amy Poehler
Happiness depends upon ourselves. ; Aristotle
A happy soul is the best shield for a cruel world. ; Atticus
If the world was blind how many people would you impress? ; Boonaa Mohammed
What we think, we become. ; Buddha
Oh, the things you can find, if you don’t stay behind. ; Dr. Seuss
Never let your emotions overpower your intelligence. ; Drake
Determine your priorities and focus on them. ; Eileen McDargh
Embrace the glorious mess that you are. ; Elizabeth Gilbert
I have nothing to lose but something to gain. ; Eminem
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. ; Gandhi
White is not always light and black is not always dark. ; Habeeb Akande
I could agree with you but then we’d both be wrong. ; Harvey Specter
Nothing lasts forever but at least we got these memories. ; J. Cole
Dream as if you’ll live forever, live as if you’ll die today. ; James Dean
Have enough courage to start and enough heart to finish. ; Jessica N. S. Yourko
It hurt because it mattered. ; John Green
One day the people that don’t even believe in you will tell everyone how they met you. ; Johnny Depp
The meaning of life is to give life meaning. ; Ken Hudgins
If I’m gonna tell a real story, I’m gonna start with my name. ; Kendrick Lamar
Don’t you know your imperfections is a blessing? ; Kendrick Lamar
Love For All, Hatred For None. ; Khalifatul Masih III
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are. ; Kurt Cobain
Strive for greatness. ; Lebron James
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. ; Leonardo da Vinci
I don’t need it to be easy, I need it to be worth it. ; Lil Wayne
Change the game, don’t let the game change you. ; Macklemore
Never regret anything that made you smile. ; Mark Twain
If you tell the truth you don’t have to remember anything. ; Mark Twain
The time is always right to do what is right. ; Martin Luther King Jr.
Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud. ; Maya Angelou
And still, I rise. ; Maya Angelou
The true meaning of life is to plant trees, under whose shade you do not expect to sit. ; Nelson Henderson
May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears. ; Nelson Mandela
Yesterday you said tomorrow. Just do it. ; Nike
All limitations are self-imposed. ; Oliver Wendell Holmes
Turn your wounds into wisdom. ; Oprah Winfrey
Everything you can imagine is real. ; Pablo Picasso
To live will be an awfully big adventure. ; Peter Pan
Life becomes easier when you learn to accept the apology you never got. ; R. Brault
Tough times never last but tough people do. ; Robert H. Schiuller
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. ; Robert H. Schiuller
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. ; Rumi
When words fail, music speaks. ; Shakespeare
Be so good they can’t ignore you. ; Steve Martin
Every moment is a fresh beginning. ; T.S Eliot
There is no substitute for hard work. ; Thomas Edison
Reality is wrong, dreams are for real. ; Tupac
Hate comes from intimidation, love comes from appreciation. ; Tyga
Die with memories, not dreams. ; Unknown
Aspire to inspire before we expire. ; Unknown
What consumes your mind controls your life; Unknown
I will remember and recover, not forgive and forget. ; Unknown
Normality is a paved road: it’s comfortable to walk but no flowers grow. ; Vincent van Gogh
Whatever you do, do it well. ; Walt Disney
